Dominique Pozo: Erica. I have had a I wish I had more time today, but my schedule is really packed so I couldn't push it back.
Erika Romero: No, that's fine. It's fine. I just needed to let you know that I was going to be a little bit late because 1015 minutes just because I
Erika Romero: had to wait for my husband to get home. My daughter's on a on a roll today. So she saw all attitude and all about her so
Erika Romero: I knew that wasn't going to work with her being in the same room with me. So I just figured, I'll just tell Dominique, I'm going to be a few minutes late. That way I can go ahead and have some peace and quiet.
Erika Romero: Sorry, I apologize, but I appreciate you being here.
Dominique Pozo: No problem.
Dominique Pozo: So, so how's it going in the last session we had you had some come to Jesus moment, as you call them and
Dominique Pozo: I'm just wondering how this last week has been for you.
Erika Romero: Um, it's been ok I am
Erika Romero: I had a rough Mother's Day. Like I said yesterday, and
Erika Romero: And so I
Erika Romero: I think I'm, I'm kind of still dealing with that. But it's, it all has to do with my family and
Erika Romero: I don't know. I'm just, I feel less like really let down by my family and disappointed with my family and my mother's day was no exception. And so
Erika Romero: It was kind of a really it was it was a tough day
Erika Romero: So,
Erika Romero: You know, I just
Erika Romero: I just don't. I really don't know what to do about you know about them anymore. And I'm you know in in in the past I've just I've always kind of just
Erika Romero: throw my hands up and said, You know what, I can't deal with this. And I'm not going to. So I'm just gonna
Erika Romero: I'm just gonna
Erika Romero: Separate myself and I'm in. So I so that's actually worked out the best for me in regards to people in my life.
Erika Romero: Sometimes if it's not healthy for you and it doesn't bring you joy and peace and I get that, you know, everyday life happens. And people do disappoint you. But when it's on a constant basis and just not getting any fulfillment out of your relationships.
Erika Romero: They're more of a disappointment than a fulfillment.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Erika Romero: It's just easier just to say, Okay, I gotta go. You know, and I go home and do my own thing.
Erika Romero: But I have so few family you know and and
Erika Romero: So in that aspect. It's, it's kind of hard for me to to do to do with it on that level.
Erika Romero: Um,
Erika Romero: But you know, I just, I don't know my family's just really disappointing to me, everybody's in such denial and I'm in everybody's got
Erika Romero: Not to say that I don't have my own problems because I do and I'm not perfect. I'm definitely have my own issues. Um, but everybody. So in denial, you know, and
Erika Romero: I've, I've always I've always been the one to to provide for people, you know, to take them into my home or into my life and provide and be there for them and support them and all that and it and it makes it hard for me.
Erika Romero: When I when I'm constantly disappointed by those people. You know what I mean. And so that's where, that's where it kind of fell on on Mother's Day.
Erika Romero: So it made it made it very difficult day. I mean, me and my children. We don't have a relationship. I don't have a relationship with any of my children.
Erika Romero: I have four of them and have no relationship whatsoever with any of them, and my two oldest I've, I've come to you know that that's just kind of been part of the experience of losing custody of them. Um,
Erika Romero: But my twins I my daughter really is the only one who I am.
Erika Romero: Who I raised out of my children I raised her twin brother. For the first four years of his life, and then
Erika Romero: He was a very challenging child and and really
Erika Romero: Make things hard for me. So I sent him to go live with us at all.
Erika Romero: Because I really felt like he needed a father figure in his life. So the only one that I raised was my daughter and her and I have no relationship whatsoever. She
Erika Romero: Like I told you she's hell bent on on destroying me. Anyway, that she possibly can, which. Okay, fine, whatever. But I raised my niece and, you know,
Erika Romero: sure exactly what I did for her.
Erika Romero: But she's you know she is completely just um
Erika Romero: How do I say I'm
Erika Romero: Kind of turned a cold shoulder to me for some reason. And I don't know why. And she won't talk to me. So I don't know what it is.
Dominique Pozo: Well, you said you said that she's using right
Erika Romero: Well, I don't know, I, I, I honestly don't know. Oh, with her. I, I can't honestly tell you that. Yes, she is. Or no, she's not because I can't talk to her. She won't return my calls. She won't see me. I know that she went back with her boyfriend.
Erika Romero: Or the her HER BABY'S dad.
Erika Romero: And she was gone for a couple weeks so I can only imagine that's probably what she did, but
Erika Romero: Again, I don't really know but you know for the holidays has always been
Erika Romero: She's her and I have always been really close. And so for the holidays. She always make sure that she calls me and you know I always try to include her and make sure that she's part of
Erika Romero: My life, you know, and if it's even if I don't see her every day or every month or or
Erika Romero: Or whatever I know for sure that on the holidays. I'm going to get a phone call from her and she especially like Mother's Day and my birthday she always tries to make sure that she you know she calls me in. It makes me feel because I'm been the only mother in her life and so
Erika Romero: So, you know, for Mother's Day I get a text message from her, and it was very impersonal and
Erika Romero: And I guess I kind of just felt really
Erika Romero: sad about that, you know, and hurt because that's not her. And I don't know. I don't know why she did it.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, I have a feeling, who knows it's all speculation. You don't know unless you confront her directly or she tells you, but
Dominique Pozo: If she's you know, turning away from you and it feels really cold and dry I i do suspect. She's probably using she's probably ashamed. She doesn't want to be told that she's doing anything wrong. She's in her in, you know, in it so
Erika Romero: And and and you know my husband and I have talked about it. And honestly, that that's the only time that she
Erika Romero: She does that to me, you know, and she she she cuts me out of her life. And she and she won't respond to me and she won't talk to me is when she's doing something wrong because she values.
Erika Romero: Really what I think and feel, you know, and because her and I do have a really close relationship. It's just, I don't really know what's going on.
Erika Romero: You know, again, it is all speculation and I don't you know want to sit here and say yes, she's on drugs for sure my daughter, definitely. I know that for a fact.
Erika Romero: But my niece, I don't
You know,
Erika Romero: But she doesn't. She not usually like this with me. So I don't really understand what's going on with her, my mom I brought my mom up here on Mother's Day to my house and
Erika Romero: My mom's that damn disaster. I don't even know what to do with her and I keep thinking, she's getting elderly
Erika Romero: And I'm the only person that she has that that's there to take care of her. And so
Erika Romero: But I think, honestly, in my opinion, because what I see when I have my mom. Here is my mom's a junkie to my mom spent her whole day high on her medication.
Erika Romero: To the point where she can even worse. Her words are slurred, you know, and she's falling. Oh, she's constantly falling, you know, not here at my house, but you know she's but I've seen her.
Erika Romero: This past weekend. You know, there was several times where I caught her you know just nodding now and just falling over.
Erika Romero: On on the bed or falling over on the over on the couch, you know, and but my mom so deep in denial that everybody else is doing everything but not my mom, you know, and
Erika Romero: You know she's got that mindset that if the doctor gives it to me. I'm not, you know, I'm not addicted. I'm not an addict well
Erika Romero: There's a whole lot more that goes behind that and you know I'm getting to the point now where I just don't know what to do with my mom anymore. You know, I can't have it in my home. I can't, I can't allow my granddaughter to be around that.
That's what
Dominique Pozo: I'm hearing so like you even you even said it that there's just a lot of disappointment around your family.
Erika Romero: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: From mothers two daughters two nieces.
Dominique Pozo: Gosh, and what I'm thinking. And I see your granddaughter as this little shining one who's still hasn't developed the dysfunctions so I'm
Dominique Pozo: Wondering
Dominique Pozo: What kind of, what can you do to keep focusing on what is not hasn't been impacted so fully yet.
Erika Romero: That's so funny that you say that because my husband and I talked about this, this, this past weekend. I said, you know, she's the only one I haven't you know who hasn't disappointed me in my family, you know, and then I kind of jokingly said, oh, you know, she's still a little
Dominique Pozo: And but
Erika Romero: You know my fear is there, you know that I put so much energy and so much
Erika Romero: All of me into everybody else, you know. And then, and then it's just a huge disappointment, you know, and I'm so terrified that that's going to happen with her to, you know, and
Erika Romero: I'm just tired of being disappointed.
Erika Romero: And I don't want
Erika Romero: My granddaughter to do the same to me. You know what I mean.
Erika Romero: I don't really know how to change that table. I don't know, um,
Erika Romero: You know, I thought I did everything right with my girls and I showed them better. And I, I gave them a better life and
Dominique Pozo: I get better Erica.
Dominique Pozo: Let's before we go into the but i just i am noticing so much emotion coming up. I just want to give space for that. And I do believe that
Dominique Pozo: Beneath the emotion. There might be some clarity. That's not coming from your mind. So let's take a moment and just be with what I'm hearing is grief and I'm also hearing a deep desire to
Dominique Pozo: Do it differently with your granddaughter. And I'm just wondering if we just sit with this for a few moments and let yourself feel and let your heart speak like how can you do it differently with her. What could it look like to support her in a, in a way that
Dominique Pozo: That hopefully she can, you know, be her her best self moving forward.
Dominique Pozo: What does your heart say
Erika Romero: Let's just get scared.
Erika Romero: I really don't know.
Erika Romero: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: No.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So let's just take a few deeper and a lot of things.
Dominique Pozo: What were you gonna say
Erika Romero: I said,
Erika Romero: My, my mind goes through a lot of different
Erika Romero: A lot of different things, you know, and
Erika Romero: Especially with her because she's
Erika Romero: She was brought into this world with a lot of with disappointment, you know,
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: And she may not realize it now. But eventually, she's gonna have to know
Erika Romero: What happened, you know,
Erika Romero: Why she is why she's here.
Erika Romero: Know what, what kind of a trail is that Emily for her. We
Dominique Pozo: Know what
Erika Romero: I'm afraid that regardless of what I do, where she comes from maybe her driving force, you know, and
Erika Romero: You know i think that's that's the same thing that happened with with my daughter.
Erika Romero: I you know I don't know I don't really know what to do for her.
Dominique Pozo: How about
Dominique Pozo: How can you be how can you be different, rather than doing anything. What, how can you be different.
Erika Romero: I don't know. I honestly don't know. I don't know.
Erika Romero: How did you things different. I don't really think that I did. I mean, I wasn't a perfect parent, but I know that
Erika Romero: I did the very best I could with my girls, you know,
Erika Romero: So honestly, I don't know. What would be different.
Erika Romero: Because I if I've learned anything really over my lifetime is that I can't accept responsibility for what other people do.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I taught I taught my girls better you know they didn't see
Erika Romero: The messed up part of me. You know that I didn't raise them that way.
Erika Romero: So,
Erika Romero: To be honest, I mean, I, I, I just don't know what to do different and then I guess that's that's the part that scares me.
Erika Romero: Is I I really don't know what to do different because
Erika Romero: I don't think I did anything wrong, you know, again, like I said, I'm not a perfect person I'm by no means a perfect parent, but
Erika Romero: I don't think that I was a bad parent either
Dominique Pozo: I have an idea. I think that sometimes our deliver some
Dominique Pozo: Insight that our mind can't come up with. So I do you do you think some art could help or. Where would you like to go from here.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I guess I could try it.
Dominique Pozo: I mean the vision I keep having is your, your granddaughter inside of a big circle.
Dominique Pozo: And in the middle. She's in the middle and then I wonder with your non dominant hand because a lot of information comes from the non dominant hand that we're not consciously thinking what would you surround her with so
Dominique Pozo: You know, it could be a lot of what you've done. But I'm curious if
Dominique Pozo: Something new comes through that maybe is a new idea from something that that didn't happen with your daughters.
Dominique Pozo: Your daughter your needs your son's so
Dominique Pozo: just imagining your granddaughter in the center of the circle and then with your non dominant hand either illustrating or writing. Okay. What can you say What's like the circle of protection and support. What is it made up of
Erika Romero: All right, let me. Um, let me just go get a piece of paper. Okay.
Erika Romero: Okay, give me just a second. Okay.
Erika Romero: Okay, don't make. I'm sorry.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay.
Dominique Pozo: So yeah, if you could do that, go ahead and make a circle and then place whatever representation or the word or and if you could do all of this with your non dominant hand.
Erika Romero: me use my dominant hand to make a circle.
Erika Romero: Okay.
Erika Romero: We realized that was we tried it. We try to write with your non dominant hand. You write backwards.
Dominique Pozo: Hasn't happened to be, but that is interesting.
Erika Romero: Anyway, and that's what I'm finding now.
Erika Romero: Okay, I think I got it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so tell me what you've got.
Erika Romero: Okay, let's see if I can
Erika Romero: I can show you.
Erika Romero: The picture and make it this way, where it's a little bit more like
Erika Romero: Okay.
Erika Romero: I don't know if you can see it but
Erika Romero: In the middle is alley and then I have myself.
Erika Romero: Here, this is my husband on the other side. And then I have a couple of clocks one on the bottom and one on the top.
Erika Romero: And the box represents time
Erika Romero: Just I think being able to just spend more time with her giving her that
Erika Romero: Huh, one on one, you know,
Erika Romero: Because I think and I got my mind. And there's a little hearts around there. So just giving like that extra love that extra time.
Erika Romero: That I guess I didn't really get to give my girls. You know what I mean, because I was a single parent. And so, um, you know, I kind of left just destiny to
Erika Romero: To be the guide, I guess, you know what I mean. And I think that
Erika Romero: I'm
Erika Romero: Just being able to give my granddaughter that, first of all, the two of us.
Erika Romero: Just having a dad.
Erika Romero: Because my girls, they didn't have dad.
Erika Romero: And like my daughter was a piece of shit.
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: And so I think just being able to have the two of us there. And being a united force to be able to raise her together. And even though we don't always see i'd i think will be a big
Erika Romero: You know, as far as
Erika Romero: The raising raising her goes you know i think that that will eventually all work itself out. But I think just her having the two of us, you know, on a united front for her.
Erika Romero: Being able to give her that extra time and that extra love and that extra affection that you know kind of gets away with, you know, from you as a single parent
Dominique Pozo: So that those are two significant things that when you set up initially that you know you you wouldn't do anything different, or you change anything it having more time.
Dominique Pozo: Is huge and having both parents in the house. That's a different model for sure. So this is I do see potential to do things differently.
Dominique Pozo: Definitely
Dominique Pozo: And those are foundational you know the the amount of mirroring and the kind of attachment bond that can happen when a parent is so available for a child is huge. That makes a huge difference. And then
Dominique Pozo: Have the, you know, at least you know I think having more adults around but definitely at least having mom and dad is that's a human or dad figure you know it's not her dad, but having these two parental figures, that's, that's huge to
Erika Romero: And I guess the thing that that just scares me about that is you know her have growing up and and and knowing that we're grandma and grandpa and not Mom and Dad, you know,
Erika Romero: Well, that, that, that scares me and you know she's, she's got a lot of challenges ahead of her. She really does you know
Erika Romero: Her mom could care less about her. And I think that that's going to be a huge thing for her.
Erika Romero: As she gets older and I mean right now she's content and her mom isn't an issue for it's not an issue in her life, or even in her thought process.
Erika Romero: But I think that that's one thing that just frightens me you know it. I think that's where my fear photos from is, you know, she's gonna have a lot to realize
Erika Romero: When she gets older.
Erika Romero: And I, and I guess that that scares me. Because then that's, that's where the disappointment starts coming in, you know,
When
Erika Romero: When things get tough for four people, and they can't deal with them so they find a different outlet
Erika Romero: To be able to deal with them.
Dominique Pozo: Well, as long as you're as present as you, it seems that you're able to be because you're not a single mom working you know she'll have somebody to come to the talk to our somebody to listen because
Dominique Pozo: Oftentimes people go turn to other substances when they don't have anyone or they're not being heard.
Erika Romero: Yeah yeah i think that's that's where my mom's where my mom's gone awry. I know psycho therapist. By no means. But you know, I think my mom's dealt with a lot of stuff she's really bitter with, you know, sure her mind is going. Already, as it is.
Erika Romero: And you know, I think that now she's
Erika Romero: She's starting to overdo her medications and, you know, and I think it she's always been very bitter and very angry and
Erika Romero: Has never gotten any help for anything that she's gone through in her life and
Erika Romero: And I you know I like i said i'm not psycho therapist, and I'm not going to psychoanalyze her yet either. But I just know my mom, you know, and so I think my mom. My mom and I
Erika Romero: Always had a disappointing relationship.
Erika Romero: She's never been a very present
Erika Romero: emotionally present person for me, you know, so
Erika Romero: Um,
Erika Romero: You know, so anything that I dealt with as I was growing up, or as an adult.
Erika Romero: I had to deal with that on my own. Because going to mom wasn't somebody that I went to you and I don't
Erika Romero: Know, I still don't you know i i don't confide in my mom or go running my mom when things get rough. I never have because my mom and I don't
Erika Romero: Have that relationship.
Dominique Pozo: You know, um,
Erika Romero: And my daughter and I
Erika Romero: I've always tried to be there emotionally for her because that's
Erika Romero: Because I was something that I was missing in my life. And so I always wanted to be available for her and that aspect.
Erika Romero: But
Erika Romero: There's a whole different dynamic between my daughter and I and I just as I just don't want my granddaughter to fall in that too. You know what I mean. And so
Erika Romero: I get I
Erika Romero: Get really scared to, you know,
Erika Romero: To have to try to face that future, you know, and
Erika Romero: And I mean I know that's a long way off.
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: Running my chickens before they're hatched but
Erika Romero: I guess because I've dealt with so much disappointment. I don't. I'm just afraid that I don't know, have more
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Yeah, I really I you said that earlier that your heart feels afraid and
Erika Romero: I know you know I just
Erika Romero: Went anyway. Yeah, so that was my mother's
Dominique Pozo: Well, it's a lot to talk about this.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna
Erika Romero: I just don't want to deal with it anymore. I'm just so tired done with all this shit excuse my language, but I'm just, I really am. I'm just tired.
Erika Romero: Tired of dealing with it and you know I like I said, I don't have a big family. So, you know, I try to keep the family that I do have false to me but Colleen, man. I just don't know how to deal with them anymore on an emotional level on a psychological level they're
Erika Romero: They're short circuiting me
You know what I mean.
Erika Romero: I pride myself on on being
Erika Romero: Pretty grounded, you know,
Erika Romero: But
Erika Romero: Whenever I have to deal with my family. It's just
Erika Romero: That's hard. It's really hard and I don't I don't want her to grow up thinking that either, you know, my gosh, my, my non is freakin Fruit Loop, you know,
Erika Romero: I think my, I think my mom is, you know, but
Dominique Pozo: Well,
Erika Romero: There's really no way to just see into the future. Let's see how that all turns out
Dominique Pozo: I'm going to invite you to make a list of all the things that you wish your mom would be for you right now. Can you make a list of that.
Dominique Pozo: What you will
See what you
Dominique Pozo: Will you make a list of the things that you wish your mother would be to you today, like, you know, she would be present compassionate kind, whatever, whatever the list is what, what is the list that what is the anti to the fruit loop.
Because it sounds like
Dominique Pozo: That
Dominique Pozo: Your mom, you don't
Dominique Pozo: You don't have a great connection with your mom at the moment. So what would be the, the other end of the spectrum of the things you really wish you had with her.
Dominique Pozo: So go ahead and if you can write the stuff
Erika Romero: Give me just a minute and such down. Okay, so I have both hands. Okay.
Erika Romero: I think I had to grab a few
Erika Romero: Okay, let's see.
Dominique Pozo: Tell me what you've got.
Erika Romero: Is
Erika Romero: Over hope on to
Dominique Pozo: Oh no, sorry.
Okay.
Erika Romero: All over me all over my bed.
Erika Romero: Have a bathroom of my bedroom.
Erika Romero: I might turn back on it like that.
Erika Romero: But it just shut off and come back on and then
Erika Romero: Put it out on the table, a drunk class and all his friends on
Erika Romero: Okay, I'll just leave that with you.
Erika Romero: Okay, so
Erika Romero: My list says
Erika Romero: Comforting affection and
Erika Romero: Interested loving, caring and present and more. So just emotionally. I think President and my mom so
Erika Romero: She's not
Erika Romero: Just none of those things, and she never has been. And so
Dominique Pozo: I
Erika Romero: My mom.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I'm just saying, I imagine.
Dominique Pozo: If you wrote those words down and maybe pin them on your refrigerator on your bathroom mirror and remind yourself of all the things you'd want for yourself if you imagine if you become that for your granddaughter, it's going to go differently.
Erika Romero: I you know I really try to be all those things for her because I didn't have that when I was growing up, or even nowadays, you know, yeah, my mom.
Erika Romero: SHE KISSES but there's just like a disconnect between, you know, my mom and I and I'm growing up. But you know, I never had a good relationship with my mom. It wasn't until I became an adult and
Erika Romero: And got my life together and on on track and stuff.
Erika Romero: Her and I even started having a relationship and and so
Erika Romero: You know, it's just
Erika Romero: The way that I've learned how to deal with things negative the negative things in my life is by
Erika Romero: Being the opposite, you know and and doing the opposite, because I know how it makes me feel and I'm
Erika Romero: You know, always. I always say, I don't wanna
Erika Romero: I don't want somebody asked to feel that, you know, especially people that I care about people that I love that. I don't want them to feel that same way. So I try to be all those things for my granddaughter. I really do.
Erika Romero: But even at times because you know I didn't get that one. Uh, as, as I was growing up, I find myself, kind of, you know,
Erika Romero: I'm falling into that, you know, and then so I
Erika Romero: very vigilant and I tried to try to bring myself from that so that I don't fall continue to stay in that
Erika Romero: Box. But there are times where I find myself, you know, not
Erika Romero: Where I just, you know, kind of have that arm's length you know and and
Erika Romero: When so I guess that that's something that I really need me to work on.
Dominique Pozo: What
Dominique Pozo: I've heard. I've heard you in the session, say, you know, you don't know what to do. And it sounds like you're doing it, Eric, I just want to reflect that back to you. It sounds like you are already doing things differently and
Erika Romero: They're yes what I see.
Erika Romero: I try. I'm, I'm trying. I really am because I go, or I don't want her down.
Erika Romero: That same path and I don't want, I don't want her to be a disappointment. And I don't want to disappoint herself either, you know, because I know that when you go down to those that those that
Erika Romero: Pass. Yeah, you know,
Erika Romero: You become a disappointment to yourself, not just to other
Erika Romero: Definitely
Erika Romero: You know, and I don't want her to grow up that way either.
You know,
Erika Romero: Like I you know I don't know I guess I just worry about
Erika Romero: The repercussions of her arms axes, you know,
Erika Romero: In her life and in that those are the things that scare me.
Erika Romero: More than any more than anything that I do because I, you know, I try to be different for her and show her that she is valued, you know, and that she is loved and that sits there is people that care for her.
Erika Romero: Because eventually she's going to realize that her mother does it, you know. Yeah. And yeah, at some point in her life. So
Erika Romero: Anyway, that was helpful and I appreciate it.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good. I'm so glad. Yeah, I think I, I just, I hope you're hearing
Dominique Pozo: It reflected back all the things I I see that you are doing, you know, and that you do know actually more that you do know, you know. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Sometimes, sometimes when we're so steeped in the process. It's hard to see, but someone from the outside can see
Erika Romero: You see it. Yeah. Well, I appreciate it.
Erika Romero: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, Eric. I'll see you in group next week and then let's see, I've got you in the calendar.
Dominique Pozo: Or do I hold on, let me see.
Dominique Pozo: I don't have you in the calendar, would you like to book something next week, or do you want to skip a week. How are you feeling. I feel like it's helpful to come weekly
Erika Romero: Um, we can skip a week and that's fine. I think
Erika Romero: I think I've gotten over the hump of this this week that
Erika Romero: I had to deal with. And I think I'm okay. But I mean, if I come across anything and I have a
Erika Romero: You know, and I feel like I need, I need to get ahold of you or or whatever. I'll get ahold of you.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so see
Erika Romero: Maybe can squeeze me and but i mean i think
Erika Romero: I think we'll be okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So let's plan on the 27th and
Dominique Pozo: That would six o'clock, be a better time for you. Is that better with your
Erika Romero: Husband. Yeah, that would be much better.
Erika Romero: Okay, so let me know because it's just so close. You know what I mean, I don't want to. I don't want to leave you hanging like that, you know, I just want to make sure that it gives
Erika Romero: Everybody enough time in my husband doesn't have to rush home because he's just to stop by the pharmacy on the way home because I threw away my driver's license.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, no.
Erika Romero: Yeah, Walgreens staples all those receipts to your bag. And I guess I must have thrown it away with, with all those receipts and of course the MVP is close so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, my gosh.
Erika Romero: It's on Wednesday. So, you know, that gives that will give them some time to get that done before he gets on so six o'clock will be five.
Dominique Pozo: Six. On the 27th. Okay, great. Okay. All right. Bye bye.
Erika Romero: Good bye bye. Take care.